Section: Home Page
	Title: Animals of the Civil War. 

Section: Gallery
	To get to know these furry soldiers, hover over their picture and take a trip back in time!
	A display of various animals such as horses, cats, dogs, birds and bears. 

Section: Civil War Animal Roles
	Soldier’s incorporated the presence of their pets by training them for battle, utilizing them for transportation, delivering vital information to neighboring units, hunting for food, ambulance wagons, or even promoting them as their unit’s mascot. 1861 through 1865 revealed a dark and yet harmonious relationship between the common Civil War soldier versus their four-legged (or winged) counterpart. According to Marilyn Seguin, author of Dogs of War and Stories of Other Beasts of Battle in the Civil War, horses and mules experienced the majority of battles

Section: Hall of Fame

	Sallie - An iconic mascot of the Civil War era was a Bull Terrier by the name of Sallie. Sallie grew up with the Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry and it is said that she loyally followed her regiment into battle and guarded the wounded and the dead. To commemorate her loyalty and her bravery to her unit, Sallie’s memorial can be found at the Eleventh Pennsylvania monument at Gettysburg.

	Old Abe -  an American bald eagle; Old Abe was taken in as the symbol of the Union army and upon his retirement he was considered a celebrity as well as an official war relic.

	Jack -  a brown and white bull terrier mascot of the 102nd Pennsylvania Infantry.

Section: About Us

	Animals of the Civil War would like to honor and remember the four-legged soldiers of the Civil War in 1861. Their contributions and various roles aided their human-counterparts on and off of the battlefield. As a tribute to their memory, this website has been onstructed to display their acts of heroism and loyalty in the face of war.

Section: Sources
	A list of all of the sources where I researched my topic of history and the sources of the images of various animals in the Civil War. 